################################StockAccounting Property file###################################
driver=firefox


#id property of the username field
username=username

#id property of the password field
password=password

#id property of the login button
login=btnsubmit

#id property of the reset button
reset=btnreset

#link property of the forgot password 
forgotpassword=Forgot Password

#link Property of the register
register=Register

#xpath of the administrator
administrator=.//*[@id='msUserName']/font/strong

#id property of the logout
logout=logout

#xpath of the ok
ok=html/body/div[17]/div[2]/div/div[4]/div[2]/button[1]

#xpath of the suppliers
suppliers=.//*[@id='mi_a_suppliers']/a

#xpath of the add button
add=.//*[@id='ewContentColumn']/div[3]/div[1]/div[1]/div[1]/div/a/span

#id property of the supplier name
supname=x_Supplier_Name

#id property of the supplier address
supadd=x_Address

#id property of the supplier city
supcity=x_City

#id property of the supplier country
supcounrty=x_Country

#id property of the supplier contact person
contact=x_Contact_Person

#id property of the supplier phone number
phone=x_Phone_Number

#id property of supplier Email
mail=x__Email

#id property of the supplier mobile
mobile=x_Mobile_Number

#id property of the supplier notes
note=x_Notes

#id property of the supplier adding
adding=btnAction

#xpath of the suppliers new adding ok button
okbutton=html/body/div[17]/div[2]/div/div[4]/div[2]/button[1]

#xpath of the supplier add success
addsuccess=html/body/div[3]/div[2]/div/div[3]/div/div

#xpath of the supplier add success ok button
succok=html/body/div[17]/div[2]/div/div[4]/div[2]/button

#id property of the supplier
suppiler=ewPageCaption 